_about/presentations.md, before:

---
permalink: /about/presentations/
title: "Presentations"
---

## Secure and Trustworthy Cyberspace (SaTC) Meeting

Established By: National Science Foundation (NSF)\
Hosted by: [Cyber-Physical Systems Virtual Organization (CPS-VO)](https://cps-vo.org/group/satc-pimtg19)\
Location: Alexandria, Virginia\
October 27-29, 2019
- Research funded by NSF SaTC Project Award #: 1811578
- Attended undergraduate student track
- Presented undergraduate research poster:
  - [*Developing a Deterministic Polymorphic Circuit Generator Using Boolean Logic Representation*](https://cps-vo.org/node/65590)
  - Authored by Trinity L. Stroud, J. Todd, McDonald, Todd R. Andel, and William Mahoney

## Undergraduate Research Symposium

Hosted By: [Office of Undergraduate Research (OUR)](https://www.southalabama.edu/programs/our/research-symposium.html)\
Advised By: [University Committee on Undergraduate Research (UCUR)](https://www.southalabama.edu/programs/our/ucur.html)\
Location: University of South Alabama | Mobile, Alabama\
November 1, 2019
- Presented undergraduate research poster and paper:
  - *Developing a Deterministic Polymorphic Circuit Generator Using Boolean Logic Representation*
  - Authored by Trinity L. Stroud and J. Todd McDonald

[Back to Top](#top){: .btn .btn--primary .btn--small}

Commit message:

Added CyberW event and buttons to view papers/posters on Presentations page

_about/presentations.md, after:

---
permalink: /about/presentations/
title: "Presentations"
---

## Workshop for Women in Cybersecurity Research (CyberW)

Presented by: [ACM Special Interest Group on Security, Audit and Control (SIGSAC)](https://sigsac.org/)\
Co-located with: [10th ACM Conference on Data and Application Security and Privacy (CODASPY)](http://www.codaspy.org/2020/)\
Location: Virtual (originally New Orleans, Louisiana)\
March 18, 2020
- Workshop designed to attract underrepresented cybersecurity professionals, students, and researchers to attend top security and privacy conferences
- Workshop encouraged engagement in cutting-edge security and privacy research
- Venue provided opportunities for participants to share career development experience
- Invited to attend conference and offered travel grant (event held virtually due to COVID-19)

<a href="https://sites.google.com/vt.edu/cyberw2020/home" class="btn btn--info btn--small">Learn More</a>

## Secure and Trustworthy Cyberspace (SaTC) Meeting

Established By: National Science Foundation (NSF)\
Hosted by: [Cyber-Physical Systems Virtual Organization (CPS-VO)](https://cps-vo.org/group/satc-pimtg19)\
Location: Alexandria, Virginia\
October 27-29, 2019
- Research funded by NSF SaTC Project Award #: 1811578
- Attended undergraduate student track
- Presented undergraduate research poster:
  - *Developing a Deterministic Polymorphic Circuit Generator Using Boolean Logic Representation*
  - Authored by Trinity L. Stroud, J. Todd, McDonald, Todd R. Andel, and William Mahoney

<a href="https://cps-vo.org/node/65590" class="btn btn--info btn--small">View Poster</a>

## Undergraduate Research Symposium

Hosted By: [Office of Undergraduate Research (OUR)](https://www.southalabama.edu/programs/our/research-symposium.html)\
Advised By: [University Committee on Undergraduate Research (UCUR)](https://www.southalabama.edu/programs/our/ucur.html)\
Location: University of South Alabama | Mobile, Alabama\
November 1, 2019
- Presented undergraduate research poster and paper:
  - *Developing a Deterministic Polymorphic Circuit Generator Using Boolean Logic Representation*
  - Authored by Trinity L. Stroud and J. Todd McDonald

<a href="/portfolio/surf-paper/" class="btn btn--info btn--small">View Paper</a>
<a href="/portfolio/surf-poster/" class="btn btn--info btn--small">View Poster</a>

[Back to Top](#top){: .btn .btn--primary .btn--small}
